OG Full Script

Greeting to one and all present here,
My worthy opponent; with cultural values, the individual freedom of a person gets stripped away from them. Important decisions in peoples lives like marriage and career are taken by the family with respect to what society expects from them, without consideration of the individuals opinion. But nowadays, these practices are declining as people realize the importance of individualism. This change is what modern values aim to bring forth in society.

Cultural values include several blind superstitions which are pointless from modern science's perspective. Inhumane practices like Sati are still prevalent in rural areas, and that mindset is deeply rooted in their culture. Widows are socially isolated and treated like dead weight by their betroths family. Cultural norms which existed in places like Salem, contained pointless superstitions beliefs i.e. burning of women who were thought to be witches for reasons like having crooked teeth. If the women pleads for her innocence, she is tied in a sack and thrown into a river; if she escaped, she was branded a witch and burned alive, and if she didn't she died from drowning anyway.

If cultural preservation becomes too extreme, society will become more economically stagnant. This is because everyone would start investing for the preservation of their own culture rather than investing for global development and progress. Every community preserves their own culture which divides people and leads to Wars of Supremacy increasing global fanaticism and decreasing inter-community cooperation. Today's era requires us to achieve global unity rather than developing a sense of superiority over others like in the colonial era.
To sum up: "If I prepare a dish for the first time, and it's loved by all, rather than preserve it, I shall remake it, which might make it better". Similarly, modern values teach us to question everything and strive to improve the dark side of our culture.
Thank you for listening, now i rest my case